h1. PageLess - endless page

h2. Description

A jQuery plugin.
As you scroll down you see more results coming back at you automatically.

h2. Parameters

* @currentPage@: current page (params[:page])
* @distance@: distance to the end of page in px when ajax query is fired
* @loader@: selector of the loader div (ajax activity indicator)
* @loaderHtml@: html code of the div if loader not used
* @loaderImage@: image inside the loader
* @loaderMsg@: displayed ajax message
* @pagination@: selector of the paginator divs. (if javascript is disabled paginator is required)
* @params@: paramaters for the ajax query, you can pass auth_token here
* @totalPages@: total number of pages
* @url@: URL used to request more data

* @scrape@: A function to modify the incoming data. (Doesn't do anything by default)
* @complete@: A function to call when a new page has been loaded (optional)
* @afterStopListener@: A function to call when the last page has been loaded (optional)

h2. Requirements

* "jQuery":http://download.jquery.com
* will_paginate (optional but usefull when it comes to pagination)
  <pre>$ gem install will_paginate</pre>

h2. Demo

In the @example@ directory you'll find a Rails app that just runs. It demonstrates the basic usage of pageless scrolling.
<pre>$ script/server</pre>
Then just navigate to http://localhost:3000 and enjoy!

h2. TODO

Make it work with a div scroll.

h2. Who uses it

* http://blag.ahax.de
* http://paperc.de/documents

h2. Thanks to

* http://codemonky.com/post/34940898
* http://www.unspace.ca/discover/pageless/
* http://famspam.com/facebox

h2. Contributors

* Alexander Lang (langalex)
* Lukas Rieder (Overbryd)